for a long time the Japanese people have
enjoyed bathing in these hot springs in
the mountains but they were being
watched and soon the monkeys that live
here decided to join them
but the people didn't want to share
their baths even with their relatives so
they decided to build another pool
further up the valley just for the
monkeys
the first monkeys that discovered the
joys of a hot bar we're a couple of
youngsters way back in the 1960s and not
surprisingly the others thought it was a
great idea now several truths share this
hot spring and it's turned into a kind
of monkey health spa
I know how they feel the heat is very
relaxing for those who do manage to stay
awake the pool is also a social hot spot
where determined fingers complete the
cleansing and relaxation treatment
the hot water may be lovely at a certain
point they've got to get out and we do
look very cold in bedraggled when they
do but fortunately what this thick
undercoat which never actually gets wet
you English ants my fur dries remarkably
fast just like after any hot bath they
must glow with warmth for hours
afterwards
once these snow suits are fluffy again
the youngsters are ready to play some
rather familiar winter games
even with the thickest fleece it's
really cold out here
and as with all youngsters they just
can't keep out of the pool for long
clever macaques have managed to thrive
no matter where they find themselves and
they've certainly made the most of
having us as neighbors